docs(nx-plugin): add Nx plugin documentation to getting-started.md (#391)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/getting-started.md

pnpm run build
```

### Build Artifacts

By default, Analog comes with [Server-Side Rendering](/docs/features/server/server-side-rendering) enabled.
Client artifacts are located in the `dist/analog/public` directory.
The server for the API/SSR build artifacts is located in the `dist/analog/server` directory.

> If you choose to disable server-side rendering, you will find the client artifacts in the `dist/client` directory.
> The server for the API routes is located in the `dist/server` directory.

Reviewer: Let's assume their going to stick with the defaults without opting-out

```suggestion
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem label="Nx" value="nx">

## Nx

Create a new Nx workspace with a preconfigured Analog application:

```shell
npx create-nx-workspace --preset=@analogjs/platform
```

> The Analog preset will prompt you to provide the name of your application. In this example, we simply use `analog-app`.
> Additionally, it will ask whether you would like to include TailwindCSS and tRPC in your new project.
> If you choose to include either of them, all the required dependencies will be installed automatically,
> and any necessary configurations will be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Analog preset prompts you to provide the name of your application. In this example, we simply use `analog-app`.
Additionally, asks whether you would like to include [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com) and [tRPC](https://trpc.io) in your new project.
If you choose to include either of them, all the required dependencies are installed automatically,
and any necessary configurations is added.
```

### Serving the application

To start the development server for your application, run the `nx serve` command.

```shell
nx serve analog-app
```

### Building the Application

To build the application for deployment run:

```shell
nx build analog-app
```

### Build Artifacts

The client build artifacts are located in the dist folder of your Nx workspace.

By default, Analog comes with [Server-Side Rendering](/docs/features/server/server-side-rendering) enabled.

> In the common apps/libs workspace layout, our `analog-app`'s client artifacts are located in the `dist/apps/analog-app/analog/public` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the common apps/libs workspace layout, the `analog-app`'s client artifacts are located in the `dist/apps/analog-app/analog/public` directory.
```

The server for the API/SSR build artifacts is located in the `dist/apps/analog-app/analog/server` directory.

> If you choose to disable server-side rendering, you will find the client artifacts in the `dist/apps/analog-app/analog/client` directory.
> The server for the API routes is located in the `dist/apps/analog-app/server` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
